Update new NMS-NAP-compiler release versions 5-12-0 (#1)
vvnginx/documentation: content/nim/nginx-app-protect/setup-waf-config-management.md

{{%tab name="Ubuntu"%}}

### Install WAF compiler on Ubuntu-24.04, Ubuntu-22.04 and Ubuntu-20.04 systems

Step-1 : ( To be performed on system with Internet access)

Place your nginx-repo.crt and nginx-repo.key files in this machine.
```bash
sudo apt-get update -y
sudo mkdir -p /etc/ssl/nginx/
sudo mv nginx-repo.crt /etc/ssl/nginx/
sudo mv nginx-repo.key /etc/ssl/nginx/

wget -qO - https://cs.nginx.com/static/keys/nginx_signing.key \
    | gpg --dearmor \
    | sudo tee /usr/share/keyrings/nginx-archive-keyring.gpg >/dev/null

printf "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nginx-archive-keyring.gpg] \
https://pkgs.nginx.com/nms/ubuntu $(lsb_release -cs) nginx-plus\n" | \
sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nms.list

sudo wget -q -O /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/90pkgs-nginx https://cs.nginx.com/static/files/90pkgs-nginx
mkdir -p compiler && cd compiler
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get download nms-nap-compiler-v5.342.0
cd ../
mkdir -p compiler/compiler.deps
sudo apt-get install --download-only --reinstall --yes --print-uris nms-nap-compiler-v5.342.0 | grep ^\' | cut -d\' -f2 | xargs -n 1 wget -P ./compiler/compiler.deps
tar -czvf compiler.tar.gz compiler/
```

> Step-2 : ( On target system)
> 
> Prior to execution of below steps, make sure all the OS modules/libraries are updated ( especially glibc). 
> Move the compiler.tar.gz file generated in the previous step to this target system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: On the target (offline) system

Before running the steps, make sure the OS libraries are up to date, especially `glibc`.  
Move the `compiler.tar.gz` file from Step 1 to this system.
```

wget -qO - https://cs.nginx.com/static/keys/nginx_signing.key \
    | gpg --dearmor \
    | sudo tee /usr/share/keyrings/nginx-archive-keyring.gpg >/dev/null

printf "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nginx-archive-keyring.gpg] \
https://pkgs.nginx.com/nms/debian $(lsb_release -cs) nginx-plus\n" | \
sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nms.list

sudo wget -q -O /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/90pkgs-nginx https://cs.nginx.com/static/files/90pkgs-nginx
mkdir -p compiler && cd compiler
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get download nms-nap-compiler-v5.342.0
cd ../
mkdir -p compiler/compiler.deps
sudo apt-get install --download-only --reinstall --yes --print-uris nms-nap-compiler-v5.342.0 | grep ^\' | cut -d\' -f2 | xargs -n 1 wget -P ./compiler/compiler.deps
tar -czvf compiler.tar.gz compiler/
```

Step-2 : ( On target system)

Prior to execution of below steps, make sure all the OS modules/libraries are updated ( especially glibc). 
Move the compiler.tar.gz file generated in the previous step to this target system.

```bash
tar -xzvf compiler.tar.gz
sudo dpkg -i ./compiler/compiler.deps/*.deb
sudo dpkg -i ./compiler/*.deb
```

{{%/tab%}}

{{%tab name="RHEL8, RHEL9, Oracle-9 "%}}

> ###  Install WAF compiler on RHEL-8 and RHEL-9 systems
> 
> Step-1 : ( To be performed on system with Internet access)
> 
> Note: For Rhel-8, we can omit the line 'sudo yum-config-manager ....'
> 
> Place your nginx-repo.crt and nginx-repo.key files in this machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install on RHEL 8, RHEL 9, or Oracle Linux 9

#### Step 1: On a system with internet access

> For RHEL 8, you can skip the `yum-config-manager` line.

Place your `nginx-repo.crt` and `nginx-repo.key` files on this system.
```

tar -czvf compiler.tar.gz nms-nap-compiler/
```

Step-2 : ( On target system)

Prior to execution of below steps, make sure all the OS modules/libraries are updated ( especially glibc). 
Move the compiler.tar.gz file generated in the previous step to this target system.

```bash
tar -xzvf compiler.tar.gz
cd nms-nap-compiler
sudo dnf install *.rpm --disablerepo=*
```

{{%/tab%}}

{{%tab name="Oracle-8"%}}

###  Install WAF compiler on Oracle-8 system

Place your nginx-repo.crt and nginx-repo.key files in this machine.
```bash
sudo yum update -y
sudo yum install yum-utils tar -y
sudo mkdir -p /etc/ssl/nginx/
sudo mv nginx-repo.crt /etc/ssl/nginx/
sudo mv nginx-repo.key /etc/ssl/nginx/
sudo wget -P /etc/yum.repos.d https://cs.nginx.com/static/files/nms.repo

sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/centos-vault-powertools.repo << 'EOF'
[centos-vault-powertools]
name=CentOS Vault - PowerTools
baseurl=https://vault.centos.org/centos/8/PowerTools/x86_64/os/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=0
EOF

sudo yum update -y
sudo mkdir -p nms-nap-compiler
sudo yumdownloader --resolve --destdir=nms-nap-compiler nms-nap-compiler-v5.342.0
tar -czvf compiler.tar.gz nms-nap-compiler/
```

> Step-2 : ( On target system)
> 
> Prior to execution of below steps, make sure all the OS modules/libraries are updated ( especially glibc). 
> Move the compiler.tar.gz file generated in the previous step to this target system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: On the target (offline) system

Before running the steps, make sure the OS libraries are up to date, especially `glibc`.  
Move the `compiler.tar.gz` file from Step 1 to this system.
```
